feat: add TLS support (#3)
veraison/pocli: README.md

verification service:

    ./pocli deactivate PSA_IOT

### Note on TLS

> If the scheme in the API server URL is HTTPS, `pocli` will attempt to establish

Reviewer: Please add useTLS boolean usage here!

be used to validate the certificate sent by the server. It is possible to
disable server certificate validation with `-i`/`--insecure` flag (note that if

> this flag is used, `-s` flag is implied and does not need to also be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this flag is used, `-s` flag is implied and does not need to be explicitly specified.
```
